The dominant sequence transduction models are based on complex recurrent or convolutional neural networks that include an encoder and a decoder. The best performing models also connect the encoder and decoder through an attention mechanism. We propose a new simple network architecture, the Transformer, based solely on attention mechanisms, dispensing with recurrence and convolutions entirely. Experiments on two machine translation tasks show these models to be superior in quality while being more parallelizable and requiring significantly less time to train. Our model achieves 28.4 BLEU on the WMT 2014 English-to-German translation task, improving over the existing best results, including ensembles, by over 2 BLEU. On the WMT 2014 English-to-French translation task, our model establishes a new single-model state-of-the-art BLEU score of 41.8 after training for 3.5 days on eight GPUs. The Transformer can be trained significantly faster than architectures based on recurrent or convolutional layers and achieves a new state of the art on both WMT 2014 English-to-German and WMT 2014 English-to-French translation tasks. We used beam search with a beam size of 4 and length penalty α = 0.6 to generate translations. The model's performance is also improved by using dropout and label smoothing. The code used to train and evaluate our models is available at `https://github.com/tensorflow/tensor2tensor`. We are grateful to Nal Kalchbrenner and Stephan Gouws for their fruitful comments, corrections and inspiration. The Transformer model generalizes well to other tasks and allows for significantly more parallelization, reaching a new state of the art in translation quality after being trained for as little as twelve hours on eight P100 GPUs.